A Big DickUs Production.
Cheers Youth Training Scheme
Spaces added.
Better for old TVs
The Secretary
of Defense is prepared to send
an additional soldiers
to support ongoing combat
operations in Eastern Europe.
Las Cruces
and the border region
are an easy target
for human traffickers.
By order of the President.
we are mobilizing
30.000 additional troops for
deployment to the Middle East.
Tonight.
the Pentagon is calling
the latest escalation
a dangerous situation.
Human trafficking is a problem
on a global scale.
And it also leaves an impact
right here in New Mexico.
People think
that its international
or its over borders.
and-~ and its domestic
and its occurring right here
in our state.
For more about
this new deployment of
US troops to the Middle East.
The State Department recommends
that all Americans return
to the United States
while commercial flights
are still available.
The overwhelming
majority of victims we see
are actually domestically born.
I need help. I need help!
The cartels
are getting away with this.
It's funny how much training
I've had in taking a life.
Years with the 3rd Cav.
then the regiment. special ops.
A lifetime of experience.
I can tell you
to the exact second
how long
it'll take you to bleed out
if I make an inch long incision
in your carotid artery.
Tactics. weapons. munitions.
covert ops. black ops.
battlefield triage.
the logistics of death.
I've studied it all
in great depth and detail.
Yeah.
I've been taught all there
is to know about taking a life.
But...
Giving a life.
bringing someone
into the world...
caring for a child?
No one tells you jack shit.
You're on your own.
Chloe!
~ Happy birthday. baby.
~ Hi. Mom.
I'm so sorry
mommy can't be there.
Look at you.
you're three years old.
Can you believe it?
I can't believe it.
~ Yeah.
~ Happy birthday.
Mwah.
Surprise!
How are you six already?
~  I don't know.
~ I love you so much. baby.
I love you too.
You look pretty.
~  Hi. I love you.
~ Hi.
Oh. well. look.
we're having a party here too.
Did you have
a good party at school?
Yeah. Dad brought
cupcakes for my class.
~ Yeah?
~  It was really good.
Baby. I promise. I promise
I'm going to be there next year.
Keep your eyes closed.
I didn't miss every birthday.
I expect tears of joy
and I expect a lot of thank you.
~ Please. give It to me.
~ Uh. Uh. Uh. uh.
And the ones I made it back for
were the happiest.
most precious moments
of my life.
Hey. baby.
They say on average.
a child spends the first
18 years with their parents.
Then after they move out.
when you add up
all the remaining time
you see them.
the visits home.
the vacations together.
the precious snatched
moments you share with them.
for the rest of your life.
you're lucky if you see them
for one more year.
That's it.
How long?
I mean.
another two. three months.
So I'm not going to be able to
make it for the start of summer.
And I'm so sorry.
No. it's okay.
It's okay.
You don't need to apologize.
I understand the protocol.
And things change
and you can't control it.
So...
~ Thank you.
~ You're like my best friend.
I just hope you know that.
I'm thinking about you.
Always.
I just want you
to stay safe. okay?
So don't worry
about anything else.
Just...
Just please. uh...
be safe because I love you.
Me and Dad love you.
I will. I promise.
Well...
I already lost
the first 15 years.
And...
when Chloe's father died. I...
I had to make a change.
I had to come home for good.
I had to make things right.
Hi. Hi.
~ Happy birthday.
That was fun. I had fun.
~ Didn't you. baby?
~ Yeah. It was fun.
Hey. do you want
to open up another present?
Um. yeah. I mean.
do you want to do it later?
~ I think it'd kind of be better.
~ Okay. okay.
I mean.
is everything okay. baby?
Yeah.
Yeah. I-~ We just--
We wanted to.
like. have plans later.
Oh. Well. I mean. okay.
Like. how much later?
Um.
nine-ish.
Nine?
I mean. that's-~ that's late.
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. it's fine.
Well. nobody ate my cake.
I mean. it's so funny.
Erica was. like.
gluten-free now?
When did that even start?
Um. yeah. she gets sick
if she has gluten. Mom.
Oh.
Oh. my God. what about
your friend that was. like.
always talking about
her wellness journey
and her sugar intake?
It's so like you.
~ What?
~  I'm sorry
that no one ate your cake.
but it's my birthday.
and I kind of just. you know.
wanted you to be there for me
and do stuff
that we wanted to do.
What are you talking about?
~ I. like. did all this for you.
~ all this?
~ Yeah.
~ I'm 16. Mom. I want
to go out with my friends.
~ I know. baby.
~ No. don't call me baby.
Okay. I'm not
a little kid anymore.
but you wouldn't know that.
would you?
Because you weren't here.
were you?
~ I was doing my duty.
~ Your duty?
~ Yeah.
~ to who?
You won't get it.
Somehow. somewhere.
I slipped through
the cracks. didn't I?
~ That is not true.
~ Yes. It is.
Because you were fighting
to keep everyone else safe.
Everyone but me and Dad.
~ What are you talking about?
~ You don't care about us.
You forgot about us.
You think you can just come home
and fix things?
I can try.
You don't fix things.
you break things.
Chloe.
Chloe?
You must be hungry.
You want something to eat?
Chlo?
All right. you know
how I feel about locked doors.
Open up.
Okay. in advance.
I'm sorry about this.
Goddamn it. Chloe.
♫ With you I'm blind ♫
♫ All I see is your eyes ♫
♫ With you ♫
~ Your mom?
~ Yeah.
~ Yo. What does she want?
~ I don't know.
Did you tell her
you were going out?
~ What?
~ I didn't tell her.
~ are you serious?
~ Yes.
~ Oh. my God.
that's so unlike you.
~ I know.
I mean. like. it's my birthday.
She wanted to go out.
~  Naughty now.
~  I want to see you guys.
Period. Period. You know what?
~ to the birthday girl.
~  to the birthday girl.
Happy freaking birthday.
Happy birthday.
Hey. cheers.
Don't look now.
~ But at the end of the bar.
~ Wait. what's that?
Don't look.
~ He's cute.
~ Oh. trouble.
~  He's a ten.
~ She's not going.
~ Oh. you're going.
~ No. no. remember after--
~ Hey. you ready?
~ She's not going to go.
~ Hold on. 20 bucks
She says she does.
~ Oh. really?
~ I believe in you.
Hey. it's Chloe.
Let's see if I call you back.
Oh. here we go.
The birthday girl
needs a drink. right?
~ Thank you.
~ Yeah. of course.
Um. I-~ I hope
you don't mind me asking.
How old are you?
Okay.
In a year.
~ okay. all right.
~ Or two.
~ see ya.
~ Bye.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Well. you gonna try it?
Here's to you.
Happy birthday.
Ellie! Hey. girls.
~ Where is-~ Uh. where's Chloe?
~ Excuse me?
~ you heard me.
~  She's in the bar.
What? You-~ you left her alone?
~  She's with Ben.
~ Who's Ben?
He's a nice guy.
Don't worry.
He's a nice guy?
What the fuck do you know?
Chloe!
Oh. what the fuck?
Go. go. go. go. go. go.
Chloe! Chloe!
The fuck was that?
Oh. what the fuck?
What the fuck? No. fuck you.
~ Get her ass off the fucking
car. We're not gonna get away.
~ I'm gonna kill you!
Fuck you. .
Swing on me? Fuck you.
Jesus Christ.
who the fuck is that bitch?
All right. take a left.
take a left. take a left.
Take a left right here.
She's fucking crazy.
I think we lost her. man.
What the fuck?
~  Oh. my God.
~ Where the fuck is she?
Stupid fucking bitch.
God.
They say
that in any disappearance...
especially that of a child...
you have just 72 hours.
72 hours
until the trail goes cold.
72 precious hours to find them.
But the chances are that...
you'll never
see them alive again.
And I've already lost
so much time.
You scared me
for a second. Nikki.
I thought you were dying.
Mr. Sullivan paid a lot
of money to finish you himself.
Where is my daughter?
My daughter. Chloe.
What did you do with her?
I didn't know
livestock even had names.
You've been
a very naughty girl. Nikki.
Burned down a whole whorehouse.
I was looking for my daughter.
~ Where is she?
~  you let
all the livestock go.
Killed five of Sullivan's men
at Club 30 last night.
Cost The Syndicate
a lot of money.
Who's Sullivan?
Does he run The Syndicate?
Yeah. you're not really
in a position
to be asking questions.
Besides.
the better question is...
...who am I?
Oh. that's easy.
You're the Butcher.
That's what Ben told me.
Looks like you've been
pretty busy today.
I'm a conscientious worker.
What can I say?
I can appreciate that.
I love my work.
You did good. You killed
that piece of shit Ben.
~ One of Your own.
~ No.
No. he was just a spotter.
Pretty face to lure them in.
They're a dime a dozen.
No. Mr. Sullivan
was very. very annoyed
that Ben gave up the location
of his best whorehouse.
He didn't have much choice.
There's always a choice.
Mr. Sullivan
was also quite upset...
that young Ben chose. um...
what was her name?
Chloe.
Chloe. Yeah.
The daughter of some...
special forces
super badass. huh?
We did a little digging.
I know all about you.
Super scary
special forces
bad motherfucker.
That you?
I'm gonna give you one chance.
Tell me where she is.
and I'll let you live.
You. Look at you making threats.
I respect that.
You got guts.
Should we take a look?
You know. in Japan. they. um...
They play classical music
to the cows.
They say it gives them joy.
It makes the meat taste sweeter.
I'm sorry.
Can you hold this for me?
Mr. Sullivan.
What can I do for you. sir?
No. no. no. yeah.
she's-~ she's fine.
Yeah. a little banged up.
but that's all.
Yeah. the spy. he's. uh.
he's all taken care of.
He'll be beef steak
by this afternoon.
No. no worries. sir.
Young Ben will be
our blue plate special.
But-~ but the woman. you. uh.
you want
to handle her personally?
Very well.
I'm on the killing floor.
I'll be waiting. Very well.
Oh. fuck Sullivan.
I'm killing you my damn self.
I gave you a chance.
Are you gonna take it?
I think this belongs to you.
Where's my daughter?
I don't-~ I don't know.
~ Where's Chloe?
~ I don't know.
~ Oh. God.
~ Hey.
I don't like to repeat myself.
Fuck you.
Fuck. Fuck.
Hey.
Who's Sullivan?
I can't. I can't. I can't.
You're not listening to me.
No!
Oh. I hate this.
~ So you won't be needing these.
~ Wait. Wait. Wait. wait.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. Wait. wait.
Wait. wait. Wait. okay.
Listen. listen. listen.
If I tell you. they'll kill me.
What do you think I'm gonna do?
Hey. look.
They're not giving me a choice.
There's always a choice.
This can be fast.
Or we can spend
a lot more time together.
Huh?
Eventually.
he told me everything.
As I knew he would.
He said he didn't know
where Chloe was.
and in the end. I believed him.
But perhaps this man.
Sullivan. does.
Butcher told me they call
themselves The Syndicate.
Sullivan is the manager.
and above him is The Chairman.
Fancy business names
and fancy business suits
to make themselves feel better
about the reality
of their trade.
Dealing in human flesh.
Young girls to be
imprisoned and exploited...
on American soil.
if they're lucky.
Or perhaps
to be groomed for export.
I have to find Chloe
before it's too late.
Jesus Christ.
She's crazy.
Should we call The Chairman?
Absolutely not.
We keep this quiet.
we deal with this ourselves.
The Chairman doesn't even know
about the whorehouse yet.
He's a man that
doesn't appreciate weakness.
You understand?
Yes. sir.
Wake everyone up.
Get them on the streets. now.
I want this woman found
and I want her dead.
Take care of that.
Sir?
Beef steak.
Whoever this Sullivan is.
his men are well trained.
They hold a perimeter.
they watch their sight lines.
Weapons always at the ready.
They travel in convoy.
Tight formation.
Guard vehicle first.
They're prepared.
They don't use seat belts
to be faster on the draw.
There's too many
to take out in the field.
His home is a nightmare. too.
The compound.
All protected.
Sealed tight.
Just one route in.
Guards have
overlapping fields of fire.
Cameras. dogs. drones.
I'm gonna have
to get creative.
Oh. fuck.
First. I better
take care of this.
All right. people.
this footage just came in.
Take a look at this.
This is from a traffic camera
opposite Club 30 last night.
This is from the bank
across the street.
And this is
from the building next door.
~ Who the fuck is this guy?
~ He never lets us see his face.
Looks like
he knows we're watching.
He's a fucking ghost.
What about cameras
in the club?
Burned with the building.
He torched the whole place.
Left five dead bodies inside.
Whoever he is. for our purposes.
he's target number one.
He knows what he's doing
and he's extremely dangerous.
I want him off
the streets tonight. Questions?
Ready for a long one.
Robert. what do you have
on the vehicles
in the downtown corridor?
Don't go to sleep.
A good surgeon
can be many things.
but you can't be tired.
Stay awake.
Pain is temporary.
Infections are not.
Just stay awake.
You've got this.
Just keep moving.
Time is running out.
Tommy. I know you were there.
and someone
had to see something.
Possibly sex workers.
Might have mentioned Club 30.
Tommy. those guys
were out there all night.
Somebody saw something.
This just in. people.
Put it on the monitor. Woo.
Footage from the Red Bar
from earlier last evening.
This is about two hours before
Club 30 burned to the ground.
And this is one Benjamin Blaine.
Ben. I know him.
He works for The Syndicate.
He's a low-level spotter.
Picks the girls up in clubs.
Multiple human
trafficking violations.
And here's our target.
This is starting to make sense.
Benjamin Blaine works
for The Syndicate.
Club 30 belongs
to The Syndicate.
Seems like our target
has a grudge.
It gets better.
About 30 minutes ago.
young Ben's prints
were lifted off an Audi
belonging to this man.
Gary Lester.
~ Where is he?
~ in the morgue.
Killed by a car key.
Excuse me. sir?
That's right.
Driven into
his left orbital socket.
The key belongs
to a 15-year-old
black Honda Pilot.
which was sold 12 months ago
to one Nikki Halsted.
Next one.
This is her.
Wait a minute.
Our-~ our target's a woman?
A woman did all this?
And why does that
surprise you so much?
We have
nothing yet. no criminal record.
but we're still digging.
But here's the best part.
The guy who sold her
the car 12 months ago.
he says he sold it
with two keys.
~ She's still driving it.
~ Exactly.
Okay. I want to put out a BOLO
on a black 2010 Honda Pilot.
License plate is HJTX17.
And get it
to all hotels and motels. too.
~ this could be our girl.
~  Sir?
~ What is It. Woo?
~ What about 624 Spring Drive?
What about it?
That's listed as her home
address on her driving license.
The way she conceals her face.
she's obviously
a trained killer of some sort.
who has to know by now
that the cops are hunting her.
Do you really think she's
going to go back to her house?
It's a possibility.
It certainly is.
All right. rookie. you've just
earned your first stakeout.
I got to get a fresh shirt.
Mark. make sure
you get those RCs put up.
Okay. I'm on it.
♫ I've prayed to my mother
And I prayed to my dad ♫
Um. can I get
a five-point harness?
~ What kind?
~ the best one.
And. uh. can I get
one of those skateboards?
They're decorations.
They're not for sale.
Look. things
have been kind of rough.
so could you please just...
get me one of the skateboards?
Mark. bring me a ladder.
~  okay.
~ Thank you.
Mr. Chairman.
I have Sullivan for you.
Mr. Sullivan. when exactly
were you going to tell me
about Club 30?
Well. my most profitable
whorehouse burned to the ground.
all the merchandise is lost.
and you say...
nothing.
No. no. no.
No. no. don't lie.
Don't lie to me.
We have a fresh shipment
for export tonight.
My father's expecting
his livestock.
We can't have a problem.
Entiendes?
Well. we have half
the police force on payroll.
Use them.
I mean. you're supposed
to be a manager. Sullivan.
Manage this.
Otherwise. I'm going to get
somebody else who can.
No. No. No more excuses.
I want her dead.
Now.
It's time. boss.
Bring that with us.
Get dressed.
Oh. fuck. what the fuck?
That's her.
Hey. do something.
~ What the fuck is going on?
~ Shoot That bitch.
Oh. no. Where is she?
Where is she?
~ I don't know.
~ Shit.
Where did she go?
We're sitting ducks!
~ Fuck!
~ Get out! Get out! Get out!
It's stuck!
Fuck. fuck. fuck.
Oh. God.
All right.
All right. All right.
Look. no. no. it's okay.
Just take it easy. okay?
Just-~ just take it easy.
No. no. no. wait.
No.
Oh. God.
Where's my daughter?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Oh. God!
Fuck!
I don't like to repeat myself.
I don't know where she is.
Oh. God!
Oh. fuck! Are you crazy?
You-~ you know
I'm not in charge.
~ Who is. then?
~ Oh. Oh. God! Oh!
The Chairman.
He runs everything.
He's the big boss.
He's at the Grand Hotel. God!
He's protected. but I-~ but I--
but I can help you get to him.
I don't need your help.
Chloe.
There's reports
of a shooting on Brighton Road.
~ is It our target?
~ No sign of her yet.
but her Honda Pilot
was just involved
in a head-on collision.
Any victims?
Eight males. multiple gunshot
wounds. all of them dead.
Jesus Christ. she's like
a walking slaughterhouse.
Looks like they were
all members of The Syndicate.
When you've seen
as much death as I have.
when it's touched people
so close to you.
both enemies and friends.
comrades and lovers.
you start to see
how narrow the line is.
the thin. delicate line
between living and dying.
You see how easy it is
to lose someone.
and you ask yourself. 'Why?'
A grenade is tossed
into a room.
Some live.
Some die.
The sniper chooses a target.
seemingly at random.
Contact!
Someone lives.
Someone dies.
You see enough of it. and
you start to ask yourself. why?
Why was I spared?
A husband in a hospital bed.
Dying of leukemia.
Is it all just random?
Did I survive all this
for no reason?
Was there some greater meaning.
something unseen?
Some hidden purpose?
Don't sleep.
I'm so sorry. baby.
You gotta wake up. okay?
We're almost home.
Okay?
Okay. we're almost there.
You got it?
We're almost there. baby.
We're almost home.
Holy sh...
Captain?
Okay. baby. we're home.
We're home.
Okay. I'm just gonna sit you
down on the couch. okay?
You ready?
I'm just gonna sit you down.
Here. Here.
Chloe. Chloe.
I need you to know.
Chloe. you're safe now. okay?
I promise you.
They're never gonna
touch you again.
No one's ever gonna
hurt you again. okay. baby?
You're safe.
Okay.
Okay. now. I need you to...
I need you
to look in the light. okay?
I'm gonna touch your face.
I need you to look in the light.
Follow the light. baby.
Can you follow the light?
Good girl. Okay. good girl.
Baby. baby. I'm gonna
take your jacket off now.
okay? But you're safe.
I need to see
where you're hurt. okay?
Here.
Confirming the target address.
624 Spring Drive.
Copy that.
We're eight minutes out.
Be advised. target is armed
and extremely dangerous.
Yes. sir.
Use of lethal force
is authorized.
~ Lethal force?
~ That's right.
There's a civilian
present. Captain.
Nikki Halsted killed
five people last night
and another eight today
that we know of.
I'm not letting her
add to that list.
But those were all
suspected Syndicate members.
This woman is dangerous.
She's in the hands of SWAT now.
They'll take her down.
Target is still
within the building. sir.
What is your status?
100% in position.
Ready to breach.
Very good. On my mark.
I wouldn't do that
if I were you.
What?
You have no idea
what you're dealing with
or what she's capable of.
Who the fuck are you?
I'm the guy that's going to save
the lives of six of your men.
And pull them back.
On whose authority?
On the authority of...
go fuck yourself.
Attorney General singed this?
That's what it looks like.
You have command authority.
That's what it says.
Now pull your men back.
Or order six body bags.
Now.
This is Michaels. Stand down.
Sir.
Repeat. Stand down.
Do not engage the target.
Repeat. Do not engage.
Do you copy?
Sir. but-~ but we have her.
We have her. sir.
I don't like it
any more than you do.
but we have our orders.
Copy that. sir.
Stand down.
Chloe. I gotta run to the store
and get some
medical supplies. okay?
So I can help you.
I'll be right back. I promise.
I love you.
Be right back.
Can't risk a hospital.
Too many questions.
But I can take care
of her here.
I can protect her.
I'm all she needs.
This is Captain Michaels.
~ Yes. Sir?
~ Turn off Your cameras.
~  Sir?
Do as I say. no cameras.
no live feeds.
Cameras off. boys.
Copy that. sir. We're dark.
Good.
Fuck those Pentagon assholes.
Fuck them good. sir.
Now go take that bitch out.
Yes. sir.
We follow Nikki
at a discreet distance.
Wait 'til she's home.
No threat to anyone.
Then I'll bring her in.
And who exactly are you?
Lavelle.
The bird indicates that I'm
a United States Army colonel.
And. Colonel.
who are you to her?
I was her commanding officer
for a long time.
And do you think
you can bring her in?
Without bloodshed.
Are you sure about that?
I'd stake my life on it.
We need immediate
medical assistance
at the alley between
Spring and Lakeshore.
Broken bones. some blood loss.
no fatalities.
What the fuck have you done?
Send six ambulances.
Nikki.
Nikki Halsted.
Is that-~ is that you. sir?
That's right.
What are you doing here?
I've come to bring you in.
I can't do that. sir. Not yet.
You're not
in the field anymore. soldier.
I need to bring you in.
You're causing a lot of damage.
You know that can't continue.
You know that.
They took my daughter.
I know. I know they did.
But Nikki. we need to talk.
Just you and me.
Alone.
I'm sorry. sir.
Don't...
Don't send anyone else
after me.
Fuck.
Chloe!
Don't move.
I said don't move.
Where's my fucking daughter?
~ I'm not going to ask again.
~ I do-~ don't know.
I'm a cop. cop.
I was coming to get her.
but she was gone when I arrived.
I already searched
the whole house.
I have no idea where she is.
Please.
Believe me.
They took her back. Why?
Revenge?
It's the only answer.
I should never
have left her alone.
I think I made a mistake.
I thought all I needed
was Chloe back.
but-~ but I was wrong.
I killed the butcher.
and Sullivan.
I burned down their whorehouse.
This has become personal.
Now Chloe can't be safe.
Not until the people
that were responsible are dead.
All of them.
Let me ask you something.
Why did you send in
the SWAT team?
I made a judgment call.
You don't make those
in the military?
Sure. we do.
but we try to be more
informed before we do it.
You know what I think?
I think you didn't want
SWAT to get her.
You didn't want to see
your bright. shiny hero
get taken down.
But that woman
has killed 13 people.
She's gonna pay the price.
Human traffickers.
~ What?
~  13 human traffickers.
Since when does
the Las Cruces Police Department
get so hot under the collar
over the dismantling
of a human trafficking ring?
I'm the law here.
And we have rules.
Nikki Halsted has given
everything to this country.
She's a hero.
She's seen shit
you couldn't even understand.
You military guys.
You think you're the only ones
who suffer.
I've seen the dark side.
Made compromises.
That's a nice suit.
How much did you pay for it?
You want to say something to me?
How about this?
If we find Nikki.
I'll bring her in.
You stay out of my way
and nobody else will get hurt.
Why are you
really here. Lavelle?
To help us out?
Or to protect your
high-speed government asset?
I don't think she's the one
that needs protecting.
Freeze!
Go. go. go!
~ Clear!
~ Front room clear.
Armed police!
~ Clear!
~  Bedroom clear!
Closet clear!
Back bedroom clear.
~ Freeze! Don't move!
~ Hey! I'm a cop! I'm a cop!
God damn it!
We got one!
~  Found someone.
~ Get this shit off me.
I want every piece of manpower
we've got on the streets.
I want roadblocks
at a five-mile radius.
I want searches block to block.
then house to house.
I want this bitch in a body bag.
~ Problem?
~ No problem here.
~ Captain Michaels.
~ the fuck is this?
I thought you'd like to meet
some friends of mine.
Captain Richard Michaels.
I'm placing you under arrest
for suspected fraud.
bribery. perversion of justice.
corruption of authority.
and protection
of illegal activities.
Other charges are pending.
Your weapon and badge. sir.
You did this?
Someone at the NSA
dropped internal affairs.
a copy of your
overseas bank records.
What are you.
a fucking accountant?
Big. tough army guy.
You don't even have the balls
to take me down yourself.
You send a little girl to do it.
You're nothing but
a soft-as-shit pencil pusher.
I can see where a man
like you might think
that I got soft pushing
papers around a desk.
So you can assume
that I have no skills.
or you can take a shot.
You talk too much.
Hey. you don't think
I talk too much. do you?
Not at all. sir.
This hotel is the center
of the whole operation.
The bottom floors
are imprisoned girls
working for The Syndicate.
And the whole top floor
is the Chairman's penthouse.
That's what they call him.
The Chairman.
The head
of the whole organization.
He'll give me
my daughter back.
Right before I kill him.
Sir. the new shipment's arrived.
Good. Bring a sample up.
Get her undressed.
Go!
Almost out of time.
I'm-~ I'm fine. really.
Are you were sure
there was no one else
in the house when you arrived?
~ Who are you?
~  this is
Colonel Lavelle.
He's in charge now.
Nikki was already gone?
Yeah. exactly.
Who is she?
A mother looking for a child
that was abducted
by The Syndicate.
All this chaos is over one girl?
I don't get it.
The Syndicate has 13 men dead.
Why wouldn't they
just give her back?
It's not that simple.
What do you mean?
Sullivan warned
that it was heavily defended.
A fortress. Impenetrable.
But I've heard that before.
In my job be trained
to look for weakness.
In a plan. in a fortification.
in a person.
You find the weakness
and then you push.
You exert pressure
until that weakness first
cracks and then breaks.
Until everything
comes tumbling down.
A crash! Please help us!
~ my family. we had an accident.
~ What the fuck are you doing?
~ Please.
~ You're trespassing.
Go! Everybody leave now!
Go. go. go. go!
There's a breach.
Loading Bay two.
She's headed for the kitchen.
On it. Get out there now!
Kodera!
Get the fuck--
Get the fuck off me.
Kodera!
Ay.
Kodera. you want to tell me
what the fuck is going on?
We have a situation. boss.
We have a fucking what?
Sullivan. the last one.
He had people.
This one. The Chairman...
he has technology.
But you know
the problem with technology?
It fails.
Go deal with this now.
Fuck. Get the power back on
right fucking now.
Guys. we are blind up here.
We can't see a thing.
Get the power back on. Let's go.
Where is she?
Chloe!
Chloe?
Go. Go! Run!
Fire! Get out!
Go! Go! Chloe!
Get away! Look! Fuck!
Fire! Get out!
Chloe!
Hey. who the fuck are you?
~  Fuck this bitch!
~ Come on. Let's get out of here.
You gotta go.
Fire!
They think
they're protecting themselves
by hiding behind their walls.
their cameras.
But really.
by crowding into one place.
they're just
making it easier for me.
In the service.
we used to call it a kill box.
It's a box. and. well.
you get the picture.
Come on. come on!
Come on!
Cover me. go. go!
Fucking bitch!
~  Oh! Shit!
~  Let's go.
Fuck.
Come on. come on. Go. go!
Move it. move it!
Oh. shit.
Mama. Mom. Mom.
Mom. Mom. Mom.
Break things!
Mama. Mom!
Don't call me baby.
Mom.
~ Chloe.
~ Mom.
~ I'm sorry.
~ No. don't be sorry.
Mom. it's okay.
I promise. it's okay.
I'm gonna find you.
I know. Yeah. I know.
~ I'm trying so hard. baby.
~ I know.
I'm trying so hard.
I know.
I'm gonna bring you home. baby.
~ I love you.
~ Not. 'baby.'
I know.
You're so beautiful.
I love you. baby.
I'm coming for you.
I'm coming.
Go get her.
What is going on?
She's still coming?
No. no!
What the fuck is going on?
Oh!
What the f--
Fuck.
Fucking kidding me?
Fucking place.
Go. go. Go!
Leave now.
You're safe.
Go.
Get out. Go. go. go.
Leave. Now.
Uh-uh. uh-uh. uh-uh.
no. no. no. stop right there.
Uh-uh. no further.
~ Chloe.
~ Yeah. that's right.
Okay. Now...
back up.
Back the fuck up!
~  okay.
~ There you go.
Please.
please. please. Just...
Let her go. please.
She's-~ she's my daughter.
~ this?
~ She-~ she's my daughter.
This?
You want this?
~ Yes.
~ That's what you want
after all this?
Okay. well.
Guess what. bitch.
You'd better get on your--
Chloe.
Oh. God.
Just stay with me.
Stay with me.
Please. stay with me.
My daughter needs
immediate medical assistance.
Please. help her!
~ okay.
~ Can you tell me
what happened?
Yeah. She was kidnapped.
She was beaten.
She's got internal injuries.
Weak carotid pulse.
Her name is Chloe Halsted.
Shallow respiration.
Let's go ahead
and start bagging.
She-~ she couldn't communicate.
BP 102 over 64.
Is she gonna be okay?
Who is she?
A mother looking
for a child that was abducted
by The Syndicate.
Syndicate
already has 13 men dead.
Why not just give her back?
It's not that simple.
What do you mean?
Because Nikki Halsted
already found her daughter.
almost a week ago.
By the time she found her...
Chloe was already dead.
Nikki just couldn't accept it.
She had a complete breakdown.
She was hospitalized.
heavily medicated.
I went to see her
in the hospital
when she got
to the other side of it.
~  Colonel.
~ I came as soon as I heard.
Physically. she was recovering.
but mentally...
You're my soldier.
The best I ever had.
You saved a lot of lives.
Soldiers and civilians.
You gave us everything you had.
I'm not going to abandon you.
I need
to get out of here. Colonel.
I need to find her.
She needs me.
I've already lost so much time.
She said.
one of the last things
she said before they took her...
She said. I was always
fighting for everyone else.
Never for her.
She was right.
But I can change that.
I'm here now.
She blanked out
Chloe's death completely.
She just couldn't accept it.
She thinks
her daughter's still alive.
I've seen it on the battlefield.
Soldiers are taught
to compartmentalize.
Doctors call it
retrograde amnesia.
Caused by the trauma.
What the hell does that mean?
It means that she's not able
to form new memories.
And every time
she falls asleep.
her mind resets
to the night that it all began.
The night that
they abducted Chloe.
Then
she's going on the hunt again.
I visited Nikki
in the hospital again
72 hours ago.
When I got there.
she'd already left.
She woke up convinced
that they had
just abducted Chloe.
They tried to stop her. but...
Nikki is a force of nature.
But if her daughter is dead...
who is she saving?
Baby. I got you.
I found you.
I got you.
I found you. I found you.
She fixates
on girls that look like Chloe.
Same pale skin.
Same hair.
She sees Chloe everywhere.
Her daughter needs protecting
and she's compelled to do it.
She's going to get them all.
It's her sole purpose.
It's what drives her.
And she's never going to stop.
They say that
in any disappearance.
especially that of a child.
you have just 72 hours.
Don't worry. Chloe.
I'm coming.